Devops/slim flavour requirements (#2906)
unit8co/darts: CHANGELOG.md

**Dependencies**

- We raised the minimum pytorch-lightning version to `pytorch-lightning>=2.0.0`. [#2888](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2888) by [Dennis Bader](https://github.com/dennisbader).

> - Moved XGBoost and StatsForecast to the `notorch` flavour from `core`. [#2906](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2906) by [Jakub Chłapek](https://github.com/jakubchlapek)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We made the Darts core and `torch` packages lighter by removing XGBoost and StatsForecast from the dependencies. All our forecasting models wrapping around these libraries will still be supported. To use them simply install the packages manually or via `u8darts[notorch]` and `u8darts[all]`. [#2906](https://github.com/unit8co/darts/pull/2906) by [Jakub Chłapek](https://github.com/jakubchlapek)
```
